# Git-story

----------------------------------------------------------------------- PROMPT ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- From birth, your parents have done everything they could to stop you from going out during a full moon. At the age of 18, curiosity overwhelms you and you sneak out of the house during a full moon. You take a peek at the moon, and suddenly you turn into a log cabin. You are a werehouse.
My phone buzzed to life and let out a screech. I was seventeen years old at the time. The date was Tuesday, November thirtieth, 1926, and I was enjoying the start of my weekend the way anyone else like me would; I was playing Team Fortress 2 on my brand new Chromebook, going on a massive tear with a frying pan and a death wish. It was hypnotizing, in a way, listening to the sounds of early tinnitus and gibbus snipers screaming. Of course, since I was in a trance, my phone's unecessarily loud yelp made me jump to the point in which I found my head lodged in the ceiling. After twenty minutes, I freed myself from what was thankfully not my drywall tomb, and checked my phone.

Huh it's from my parents, "The full moon is coming. Make sure you are in the basement before sun down." I just sigh and start to get my stuff. Every year since my birth I have been in the basement during a fullmoon. I just ask, why it's not like I'm a werewolf or anything. I mean they don't exsist. Right?

With that in mind I decided that this year I would ignore them. I sit out on the deck waiting for the moon to rise, and as I see the light of the moon coming over the tree tops I start to feel sore all over. I look down and see my body starting to take on a wood like texture and getting thicker. I starts to crawl toards the house to try and stop whatever is happening to me, but when I get to the halfway point my body starts to raise like a foundation was coming out of me. Istart to scream for help but no one hears and then my screams suddenly stop. I can see my reflection in the window of the house and where I was there was suddenly a two story log cabin. I see my parents come out to the deck and look a me saddly, like they knew this would happen, and for the rest of my life I have never seen a full moon in person.

They gave me a look of absolute disappointment. I tried talking but the words wouldn't come out. My parents also didn't talk, as their face said all that needed to be said. I let them down. The very next thought that came to my head was, "Am I going to be stuck like this forever?" I mean, I'm only 18, I still have my whole life to live.

That got me thinking one step further, do log cabins even die? How old am I in cabin years? As I began overthinking, my anxiety was going through the roof. I was freaking out, but you wouldn't be able to tell, as I just sat there still... as a log cabin.
